README.md, before:

#lib.rtcomm.node

This repository contains the 'rtcomm' node.js Module which includes support for all of the following

1. Event monitoring of Rtcomm services.
2. Third party call control (the ability to initiate a 3rd party call).

This module relies on both a message broker for sending (publishing) and receiving messages and the WebSphere Liberty rtcomm-1.0 feature to actually deliver these services. This node.js module is simply a client to these services. It can subscribe and receive rtcomm related events or it can initiate a 3rd party call between two endpoints.

##Install
```
npm install rtcomm
```

This module relies on the following:

1. An MQTT broker for publishing and receiving messages. 
2. An Rtcomm server that supports Rtcomm 3rd party calling and/or event monitoring. 

**MQTT Broker examples:**

There are many MQTT brokers on the market, both publicaly accessible and 

Because Liberty does not currently include native support for an MQTT message broker, this feature requires an external broker. Many options of MQTT message brokers exist in the market today. Here is a list of some of the more commonly used MQTT message brokers:

[IBM MessageSight](http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/messagesight)  
[WebSphere MQ Telemetry](http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/wmq-telemetry)  
[Mosquitto](http://mosquitto.org/) (open source MQTT broker)  

A quick options for demonstrations and testing this module is tcp://broker.mqttdashboard.com:1883. 
The MQTT Dashboard is an open, publicly accessible MQTT broker.  

**Rtcomm server example:**

The WebSphere Liberty profile beta extended package which can be downloaded from: 
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/liberty-profile-beta/

##Documentation

There are two parts to the documentation of this modules:

1. The Rtcomm services protocol that is implemented by this module: [rtcomm.service.proto.spec.md](/rtcomm.service.proto.spec.md)
2. The API specification for this module: [rtcomm.service.api.spec.md](/rtcomm.service.api.spec.md)

Commit message:

Added information on installing specific versions.

README.md, after:

#lib.rtcomm.node

This repository contains the 'rtcomm' node.js Module which includes support for all of the following

1. Event monitoring of Rtcomm services.
2. Third party call control (the ability to initiate a 3rd party call).

This module relies on both a message broker for sending (publishing) and receiving messages and the WebSphere Liberty rtcomm-1.0 feature to actually deliver these services. This node.js module is simply a client to these services. It can subscribe and receive rtcomm related events or it can initiate a 3rd party call between two endpoints.

##Install
```
npm install rtcomm

Note: specific releases of this repository can be installed via the following command:
npm install rtcomm@<version>

See the wiki page for what versions have been tested with specific versions of the WebSphere Liberty profile.
```

This module relies on the following:

1. An MQTT broker for publishing and receiving messages. 
2. An Rtcomm server that supports Rtcomm 3rd party calling and/or event monitoring. 

**MQTT Broker examples:**

There are many MQTT brokers on the market, both publicaly accessible and 

Because Liberty does not currently include native support for an MQTT message broker, this feature requires an external broker. Many options of MQTT message brokers exist in the market today. Here is a list of some of the more commonly used MQTT message brokers:

[IBM MessageSight](http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/messagesight)  
[WebSphere MQ Telemetry](http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/wmq-telemetry)  
[Mosquitto](http://mosquitto.org/) (open source MQTT broker)  

A quick options for demonstrations and testing this module is tcp://broker.mqttdashboard.com:1883. 
The MQTT Dashboard is an open, publicly accessible MQTT broker.  

**Rtcomm server example:**

The WebSphere Liberty profile beta extended package which can be downloaded from: 
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/liberty-profile-beta/

##Documentation

There are two parts to the documentation of this modules:

1. The Rtcomm services protocol that is implemented by this module: [rtcomm.service.proto.spec.md](/rtcomm.service.proto.spec.md)
2. The API specification for this module: [rtcomm.service.api.spec.md](/rtcomm.service.api.spec.md)
